src/pages/projects/20210616-regionalvaccinemanager.md, before:

---
title: "Regional Vaccine Manager"
subtitle: "Vaccine management database"
date: "2021-06-16"
update: "2021-06-16"
tags: ["java", "swing", "oracle-db"]
category: "Academic"
project: "https://github.com/ROldford/CPSC304-Regional-Vaccine-Manager"
demo: ""
featuredImage: "../../img/project/regional-vaccine-manager.jpg"
---

For CPSC 304, we were tasked with creating a database application to solve some business need. Our team chose vaccine management. The application would manage vaccine inventory and vaccination history for a large health agency.

We designed the application using Java and OracleDB, with a simple UI using Swing. We had a set of queries we had to design and implement, from simple addition and deletion, to filtered queries, to complex multi-table joins. 

We split the development of the queries evenly among the team, and were able to design the required queries, but did not fully test them. I also focused on producing the UI, and designing classes to properly link front and back end.

While we did make a major mistake by not prioritizing query testing, we did have a solid design that our whole team is proud of. 

(Header image by [CDC](https://unsplash.com/@cdc?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/vaccination?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText))

Commit message:

Added message about academic projects being private

src/pages/projects/20210616-regionalvaccinemanager.md, after:

---
title: "Regional Vaccine Manager"
subtitle: "Vaccine management database"
date: "2021-06-16"
update: "2021-06-16"
tags: ["java", "swing", "oracle-db"]
category: "Academic"
project: ""
demo: ""
featuredImage: "../../img/project/regional-vaccine-manager.jpg"
---

For CPSC 304, we were tasked with creating a database application to solve some business need. Our team chose vaccine management. The application would manage vaccine inventory and vaccination history for a large health agency.

We designed the application using Java and OracleDB, with a simple UI using Swing. We had a set of queries we had to design and implement, from simple addition and deletion, to filtered queries, to complex multi-table joins. 

We split the development of the queries evenly among the team, and were able to design the required queries, but did not fully test them. I also focused on producing the UI, and designing classes to properly link front and back end.

While we did make a major mistake by not prioritizing query testing, we did have a solid design that our whole team is proud of. 

(This academic project cannot be publicly released, but can be made available to view on request.)

(Header image by [CDC](https://unsplash.com/@cdc?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/vaccination?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText))
